Directory: Raw Data
Number of subfolders: 66
almonds: 409 images
apple: 277 images
apricots: 288 images
avocado: 129 images
baking_soda: 432 images
banana: 713 images
bell_pepper: 366 images
blueberry: 230 images
brown_sugar: 252 images
butter: 641 images
carrot: 407 images
cashews: 219 images
cheese: 247 images
cherries: 252 images
chestnuts: 198 images
chickpeas: 98 images
cinnamon: 159 images
corn: 322 images
dates: 269 images
dried_currant: 390 images
dried_figs: 250 images
egg: 803 images
flour: 246 images
garlic: 373 images
ginger: 224 images
grapefruit: 189 images
grapes: 322 images
hazelnut: 498 images
kiwi: 325 images
lemon: 777 images
lettuce: 307 images
lime: 213 images
macadamia: 210 images
mandarin: 266 images
mango: 365 images
milk: 749 images
mozzarella: 114 images
oats: 180 images
oil: 320 images
onion: 906 images
orange: 837 images
papaya: 210 images
paprika: 173 images
peanuts: 336 images
pear: 329 images
pecan: 258 images
pineapple: 321 images
pistachio: 309 images
plums: 215 images
pomegranate: 325 images
potato: 898 images
pumpkin: 132 images
raspberries: 252 images
rice: 766 images
rice_flour: 329 images
salt: 328 images
semolina: 437 images
strawberry: 254 images
sweet_potato: 429 images
tomato: 782 images
turnip: 284 images
walnut: 296 images
watermelon: 326 images
wheat_flour: 682 images
white_sugar: 433 images
yogurt: 239 images

Directory: Test Data
Number of subfolders: 66
almonds: 28 images
apple: 34 images
apricots: 22 images
avocado: 22 images
baking_soda: 20 images
banana: 41 images
bell_pepper: 54 images
blueberry: 54 images
brown_sugar: 42 images
butter: 53 images
carrot: 30 images
cashews: 27 images
cheese: 12 images
cherries: 45 images
chestnuts: 35 images
chickpeas: 54 images
cinnamon: 48 images
corn: 40 images
dates: 18 images
dried_currant: 56 images
dried_figs: 12 images
egg: 31 images
flour: 48 images
garlic: 34 images
ginger: 64 images
grapefruit: 54 images
grapes: 55 images
hazelnut: 42 images
kiwi: 76 images
lemon: 62 images
lettuce: 40 images
lime: 54 images
macadamia: 42 images
mandarin: 72 images
mango: 67 images
milk: 40 images
mozzarella: 36 images
oats: 18 images
oil: 18 images
onion: 98 images
orange: 46 images
papaya: 66 images
paprika: 78 images
peanuts: 65 images
pear: 78 images
pecan: 67 images
pineapple: 60 images
pistachio: 56 images
plums: 52 images
pomegranate: 64 images
potato: 92 images
pumpkin: 18 images
raspberries: 56 images
rice: 49 images
rice_flour: 28 images
salt: 84 images
semolina: 18 images
strawberry: 75 images
sweet_potato: 40 images
tomato: 54 images
turnip: 64 images
walnut: 95 images
watermelon: 64 images
wheat_flour: 42 images
white_sugar: 30 images
yogurt: 40 images

Directory: Train Data
Number of subfolders: 66
almonds: 326 images
apple: 222 images
apricots: 230 images
avocado: 103 images
baking_soda: 346 images
banana: 570 images
bell_pepper: 293 images
blueberry: 184 images
brown_sugar: 202 images
butter: 513 images
carrot: 326 images
cashews: 175 images
cheese: 198 images
cherries: 202 images
chestnuts: 158 images
chickpeas: 78 images
cinnamon: 127 images
corn: 258 images
dates: 215 images
dried_currant: 312 images
dried_figs: 200 images
egg: 642 images
flour: 197 images
garlic: 298 images
ginger: 179 images
grapefruit: 151 images
grapes: 258 images
hazelnut: 398 images
kiwi: 260 images
lemon: 622 images
lettuce: 246 images
lime: 170 images
macadamia: 168 images
mandarin: 213 images
mango: 292 images
milk: 599 images
mozzarella: 91 images
oats: 144 images
oil: 256 images
onion: 725 images
orange: 670 images
papaya: 168 images
paprika: 138 images
peanuts: 269 images
pear: 263 images
pecan: 206 images
pineapple: 257 images
pistachio: 247 images
plums: 172 images
pomegranate: 260 images
potato: 718 images
pumpkin: 106 images
raspberries: 202 images
rice: 613 images
rice_flour: 263 images
salt: 262 images
semolina: 350 images
strawberry: 203 images
sweet_potato: 343 images
tomato: 626 images
turnip: 227 images
walnut: 237 images
watermelon: 261 images
wheat_flour: 546 images
white_sugar: 346 images
yogurt: 191 images

Directory: Validation Data
Number of subfolders: 66
almonds: 82 images
apple: 55 images
apricots: 58 images
avocado: 26 images
baking_soda: 86 images
banana: 143 images
bell_pepper: 73 images
blueberry: 46 images
brown_sugar: 50 images
butter: 128 images
carrot: 81 images
cashews: 44 images
cheese: 49 images
cherries: 50 images
chestnuts: 40 images
chickpeas: 20 images
cinnamon: 32 images
corn: 64 images
dates: 54 images
dried_currant: 78 images
dried_figs: 50 images
egg: 161 images
flour: 49 images
garlic: 75 images
ginger: 45 images
grapefruit: 38 images
grapes: 64 images
hazelnut: 100 images
kiwi: 65 images
lemon: 155 images
lettuce: 61 images
lime: 43 images
macadamia: 42 images
mandarin: 53 images
mango: 73 images
milk: 150 images
mozzarella: 23 images
oats: 36 images
oil: 64 images
onion: 181 images
orange: 167 images
papaya: 42 images
paprika: 35 images
peanuts: 67 images
pear: 66 images
pecan: 52 images
pineapple: 64 images
pistachio: 62 images
plums: 43 images
pomegranate: 65 images
potato: 180 images
pumpkin: 26 images
raspberries: 50 images
rice: 153 images
rice_flour: 66 images
salt: 66 images
semolina: 87 images
strawberry: 51 images
sweet_potato: 86 images
tomato: 156 images
turnip: 57 images
walnut: 59 images
watermelon: 65 images
wheat_flour: 136 images
white_sugar: 87 images
yogurt: 48 images

